#summary How to use this program.
#labels Featured,Phase-Implementation,Phase-Deploy

= Introduction =

This page will take you through the steps on how to use this program. Guaranteed to work with iTunes 10.1 & Windows 7

----
== The How-To Guide ==

(v2.0) After downloading this script:
  # Double-click the jar file.
  # If prompt, supply directory for 'iTunes Music Playlist.xml' file (Auto checks Music Folder of current user otherwise).
  # Hold Ctrl or Shift & select your playlists to export.
  # Click the Export button on bottom & select your export folder/directory.
  # Wait for the progress bar to say "Finished!".

== Notes ==

  * Might have to wait for Android to rescan your SDCard in-order-to have then show up.
  * *Java 6 or higher is required!*

----
=== Older Versions Guide ===

*NOTE 1: This guide assumes you already have your music transfered onto your Android device. See [http://ita.sourceforge.net iTunes Agent] for assistance.*

*NOTE 2: Version 1 is for Windows only!*

(v1.1) After downloading this script:
  # Double-click the script.
  # If prompt, supply directory for 'iTunes Music Playlist.xml' file. (Auto checks Music Folder of current user)
  # After the message box says "Finished!", then drag & drop the new playlist (m3u) files onto your Android device anywhere.

(v1.0) After downloading this script & opening iTunes:
  # Right-Click on a playlist of your choosing and Left-Click -> _Export_ (saving as a m3u file).
  # Save the file somewhere, but remember that directory for later (saving in same directory as the script is best).
  # Rinse & repeat for others if needed.
  # Place the script in the directory from Step 2 & Double-click it.
  # After the message box says "Finished!", then drag & drop the new playlist (m3u) files onto your Android device anywhere.